**                                                                     **
*                              S E N S E S                              *
*                           multimedia player                           *
*                                                                       *
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
*                                                                       *
*  Senses is under Pixelsize Public License.                            *
*  More information at http://pixelsize.net/artise/support/license/     *
*                                                                       *
*  Author: Pablo Neirotti                                               *
*  More information at http://artpulse.me/                              *
*                                                                       *
 
 
Senses is a decentralized HTML5 multimedia player. You can try it out at
http://app.sensesproject.com/



*** NOTICE ON THE CURRENT STATUS ***

I'm building a new Framework to replace the current one (Artise), which
is greatly object-oriented. It will make development faster and even more
modular, to have better code reutilization.

When the new Framework is ready, I'll port Senses to it. Please remember
I go at one man speed here. Thank you.



*** Index ***

1. Technical info
2. Information



*** 1. Technical info ***

Senses is made of two parts:

- Server side: which can play two roles:
	- Build the initial HTML page with the required CSS and JS info
	  (official site only).
	- Provide the access to the media library and content.

- Client side: the player itself.


The server side runs on Pixelsize Artise, Beta release. More information
can be found at http://pixelsize.net/artise/

The client side runs a custom engine with a piece of an experimental,
non-official Artise platform that simply prints Palettes. Used to
display dynamic listings.



*** 2. Information ***

Senses is a HTML5 multimedia player, which aims to connect to several
servers to retrieve different sources of media, and stay as an
open-sourced project.


What's decentralized?

The Senses player is one thing, but the Senses server is a separate part
of the project. There can technically be many servers (which are media
resources) that can be appended to your player. That means no one is the
sole owner of the content you watch. That means there can be no "media
control".
The project needs a hand to pull this off, source-code wise.


Creative-Commons fueled

The contents you will find on the official media repository is full with
free, public domain or Creative-Commons licensed media. Because the
project bets on the new media distribution paradigm, where media is a
commodity, not a good to sell. We encourage media creators to make money
off limited edition releases, merchandise, donations and so on. But not
limit anyone to appreciate their creative pieces.